[docs] Add Notice about External Contributions (#1)
aurora-opensource/kubeflow-manifests: README.md

# Kubeflow Manifests

## External Contributions

> Aurora is currently not accepting contributions from external contributors in this repo. For 
> improvements to features or bug fixes should be contributed to the upstream repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aurora is currently not accepting contributions from external contributors in this repo. Any 
improvements to features or bug fixes should be contributed to the [upstream repo](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests).
```
